h1. Fish in water

The fish in water project contains various completions and functions for the amazing "Fish shell":http://www.fish-shell.org which can be used a library, which means you can use it and then override them with your own functions, and you can have your own dotfiles repo because fish-inwater is not checked out as ~/.config/fish, rather it uses it's own dir (see Installation).

h2. Git features

* Provides completion for git commands (eg. git ch<tab> completes for you)
* Provides completion of branch names for git branch

h2. Rake features

Completion of rake tasks with task description. The first time you type rake <tab> we will create a file containing the rake tasks in /tmp giving you tab completion of rake tasks. This supports several Rakefile locations, so you can use it for different projects.

h2. Capistrano features

Like Rake, lets you use tab completion for Capistrano tasks.

h2. Rubygems features

* edit_gem with tab completion for gem name lets you view the source for installed gems
* gem_doc with tab completion for gem name lets you view Rdoc for installed gems

h2.  Installation

    cd ~/.config/fish
    git clone github git://github.com/rubycut/fish-inwater.git

Add this to your .config/fish/config.fish file:

    set -g fish_complete_path  $fish_complete_path ~/.config/fish/fish-inwater/completions
    set -g fish_function_path  ~/.config/fish/fish-inwater/functions $fish_function_path
    set -gx PATH $PATH  ~/.config/fish/fish-inwater/bin
    # this is optional
    set -g fish_function_path  $fish_function_path ~/.config/fish/fish-inwater/shortcuts

This will allow you to use your own dotfiles repo (if you have one) and fish-inwater is considered like library.

h2. FAQ

Why you renamed repository from fish-nuggets to fish-inwater?

Because I am vegetarian.

h2.  Credits

Thanks to:

* Lachie Cox for the initial rvm scripts (http://github.com/lachie/dotfiles).
* Pedro Nascimento for fish-nuggets (https://github.com/lunks/fish-nuggets)
